Update Cloud Costs page and add Cloud release note (#19076)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/releases/cloud.md

{% include marketo.html formId=1083 %}

## November 1, 2024

> Cockroach Labs has announced [updated pricing](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/blog/improved-cockroachdb-cloud-pricing/) for CockroachDB Cloud. This new pricing model goes into effect December 1, 2024 for new customers and existing pay-as-you-go customers, and upon renewal for annual or multi-year contract customers.

Reviewer: If you take some of the feedback above, it would be good to reflect it here too.

## October 1, 2024

> [Metering](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/costs) for usage-based billing of data transfer, managed backup storage, and changefeeds is now in [Preview](#usage-based-billing-metrics-in-preview) for all CockroachDB Cloud organizations.

Author: ```suggestion
[Metering](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/costs) for usage-based billing of data transfer, managed backup storage, and changefeeds is now in [Preview](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/cockroachdb-feature-availability#features-in-preview) for all CockroachDB Cloud organizations.
```

> - Usage metrics for data transfer, managed backup storage, and changefeeds are now visible for CockroachDB Standard and Advanced clusters in the CockroachDB Cloud Console. You can view your usage across these metrics on the [Billing page](https://cockroachlabs.cloud/billing/overview) and on invoices.  

Reviewer: If you take some of the feedback above, it would be good to reflect it here too.
